hey guys it's Angie today we're going to
be doing this look it is a steampunk
look and it's part of collaboration with
some of my favorite youtubers we've been
kicking around the idea for months well
actually since last year of doing
collaboration and we decided upon
steampunk was mainly inspired by this
headpiece from their truth about Lucy
there's this gold netting on here and I
really liked that so I tried to
incorporate that and it kind of looks
like black and gold's with be steampunk
--is-- kind of colors I do hope you
enjoy and check out everybody else is
I'm going to include pictures of their
looks as well as links to their videos
so if you want to check them out feel
free anyway let's get started and thank
you for watching
I'm starting this look off with the nice
cream colored liner in steel gray I'm
just going to be applying that to my
eyelid and up into my brow and
underneath my eye I did cover my brows
or the glue stick so if you're
recreating this you might want to do
that as well on top of that base I'm
just packing a matte black eyeshadow
this is raving beauty from this is from
Lady beauty and it's called Carvin to
really dark black you want it to be like
a black hole well here I saw that used
to be and to kind of blow out that line
a bit diffuse it a bit I'm using my face
powder which is next in C 20 in Studio
Fix powder which works really really
well and I'm lining my waterline in
black I just really want like a black
pit a home where my eyeballs today
they're still ways but you know I know
I'm drawing spider legs no I'm just
sketching out a little guide lines
for the gold mines that I'm gonna be
doing the gold tic-tac-toe lines that
are going on my face you know the gold
fishnets just do that in black it's just
really helpful this beautiful gold
shadow is from sugarpill it's called
Goldie Lux and I'm using that wet with
an angled liner brush and I did the
black lines first so that I wouldn't
have to kind of smear that all over the
place we need to apply an eyeshadow wet
it's kind of harder to camouflage if you
make a kazoo that's definitely the
hardest part is doing the lines very
tedious and such but it turns out so for
the lips this is another favorite you've
probably seen it if you've watched my
videos this Rimmel addiction lip liner
definer and then again another favorite
Rimmel's airy-fairy lipstick and lip
gloss
that's it for the look I hope you guys
enjoyed it and please check out my other
awesome people that have collaborated
with me that would be possessed and
Arthur 81 and Johanna Delilah they are
all very amazing artists and I highly
recommend them anyway thanks for
watching guys and I'll season bye